Updated best practices and minor changes. (#36)
ilifu/ilifu_user_docs: docs/getting_started/best_practices.md

Please take note of the following best practices while using the ILIFU cloud computing services.

1. The head node must only be used for submitting jobs to SLURM.
2. Do not store large files in your $HOME directory
3. The /scratch mount is for data processing only. Files must be removed from your /scratch folder once data processing is complete.
4. Help the SLURM job scheduler by accurately identifying your job's resource requirements.
5. Help the SLURM job scheduler by accurately determining you job's wall-time.
6. Use job arrays where possible.

> 7. Use Singularity containers on shared storage for your software.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Help the SLURM job scheduler by accurately identifying your job's resource requirements including:
  a) Total number of nodes and cores required
  b) Total amount of RAM required
  c) Total Wall-time required
5. Use job arrays where possible.
6. Use Singularity containers on shared storage for your software.
```

## Do not leave files in your /scratch folder

The `/scratch` mount is used for data processing. Files should only be in your `/scratch/users` folder while you are processing data. Once you have finished processing data on the `/scratch` mount, please remove files that you do not need, and move files that you wish to keep to your relevant project folder.

## Identify the minimum resources that are required for your job

The SLURM resource pool consists of a finite number of CPUs and memory. Please make sure to use the minimum resources required to run your task or job. This will ensure that more resources are available for yourself and other users at any given time. The `sbatch` and `srun` commands can be used to customise the number of resources used when submitting a job. You may have to experiment with the number of resource you allocate to a job to gain insight into the minimum resources required.

## Identify the minimum wall-time that is required for your job

> When submitting a job, the default wall-time is set to 3 days. It is important to assign a wall-time for your job that is accurate to the length of time you expect your job to run. Setting an accurate wall-time will improve the performance of the cluster scheduler and will reduce overall wait time for jobs. Wall-time for a job can be setting using the `-t` parameter (units in minutes).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When submitting a job, the default wall-time is set to 3 days. It is important to assign a wall-time for your job that is accurate to the length of time you expect your job to run. Setting an accurate wall-time will improve the performance of the cluster scheduler and will reduce overall wait time for jobs. Wall-time for a job can be set using the `-t` parameter (units in minutes or hours:minutes:seconds or days-hours:minutes:seconds).
```
